DRAFT.md, before:

## Home page

- Features on the Agenda
  Sound Synthesizer
  Music editor
  Music Theory Learning Material
  
- Features on Plan
  MIDI Support
  Pro mode music making
  Pro mode sound synthesis
  Audio Visualizer
  Music, Sound, Piano Challenges

- Project is open source, I would appreciate any help on this project.

### Manual

Compose music by drawing notes on the sheet by playing notes on the piano.
There is an orange cursor on the sheet, that shows your current location on the sheet. 
The top indicator `1m. 1 beat 1 sub` shows your location.
Press a piano key to activate it. Move the cursor forward to determine the note duration. 
The note begins at the point you press the piano, and ends at the point you release the piano.
Press any other key at some other point in time to release the previously active key press.
If you press a piano key again at the same point you activated it, it will deactivate without putting a note on the sheet.

Dup Beat: Duplicate the beat the cursor is on
Dup Measure: Duplicate the measure the cursor is on
Cancel: Cancel active piano presses
Backward: Move the cursor backward one sub beat
Forward: Move the cursor forward one sub beat

Shortcuts:

1: Forward one sub beat
4: Forward 4 sub beats
Shift + 1: Backward one sub beat
Shift + 4: Backward 4 sub beats

### References

- WebAudio Youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uasGsHf7UYA

Commit message:

Useful information, preface, home, readme

DRAFT.md, after:

## Home page

- Features on the Agenda
  Sound Synthesizer
  Music editor
  Music Theory Learning Material
  
- Features on Plan
  MIDI Support
  Pro mode music making
  Pro mode sound synthesis
  Audio Visualizer
  Music, Sound, Piano Challenges

- Project is open source, I would appreciate any help on this project.

### Manual

Compose music by drawing notes on the sheet by playing notes on the piano.
There is an orange cursor on the sheet, that shows your current location on the sheet. 
The top indicator `1m. 1 beat 1 sub` shows your location.
Press a piano key to activate it. Move the cursor forward to determine the note duration. 
The note begins at the point you press the piano, and ends at the point you release the piano.
Press any other key at some other point in time to release the previously active key press.
If you press a piano key again at the same point you activated it, it will deactivate without putting a note on the sheet.

Dup Beat: Duplicate the beat the cursor is on
Dup Measure: Duplicate the measure the cursor is on
Cancel: Cancel active piano presses
Backward: Move the cursor backward one sub beat
Forward: Move the cursor forward one sub beat

Shortcuts:

1: Forward one sub beat
4: Forward 4 sub beats
Shift + 1: Backward one sub beat
Shift + 4: Backward 4 sub beats

### Preface

 This project is a tribute to lichess.org and many thanks to it's main contributors.
 
 Lasolsido started as a hobby project, while learning about music. Most resources about music is not even behind ads but heavy paywalls. To every humble game developer, who want's to access this kind of resources, this is completely, and forever will be free. 


 Lasolsido is under MIT License, and open source.

 Though donations are appreciated <3.

### References

- WebAudio Youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uasGsHf7UYA
